Around 8+ years of IT experience which includes detailed technical knowledge and experience of Build Engineering and Configuration Management processes, toolsround 8+ years of IT experience which includes detailed technical knowledge and experi    ence of Build Engineering and Configuration Management processes, tools
  2 and best practices.
  3 Application Deployments & Environment configuration TFS using Chef, Puppet.
  4 In-depth knowledge of Apache Subversion (SVN) and Jenkins/Hudson/Build Forge Continuous     Integration, Server - Installation, Configuration, Design and Administration, plus exp    erience of extending and integrating these tools with other systems, platforms and proc    esses using Java, Shell Scripting etc.
  5 Used ClearQuest, Jira, Confluence, Remedy as defect management system
  6 Define Business Process, identify the risk, doing risk analysis and providing baseline     acceptance criteria and deliverables.
  7 Extensively experienced in using Build Automation tools like ANT and Maven and working     knowledge other build tools like MS Build and CMake.
:  8 Experience in configuring rest API'S and Web API'S and troubleshooting issues.
  9 Experience automating deployments on Application Server JBoss,Tomcat.
 10 Deployed and configured Jenkins CI including slave node configurations and ssh control     plane implementations.
 11 Extensive hands-on experience in the creation of robust, flexible, automated solutions     for Build and Deployment processes and Environment Management across the Financial, Bro    adcast and Media Sectors.
 12 Defining Branching strategies and CM build cycle in a complete SDLC for different proje    cts.
 13 Experienced with automating release process using Maven, Jenkins, and Jira as tools in     diversified project environment.

and best practices.
Application Deployments & Environment configuration TFS using Chef, Puppet.
In-depth knowledge of Apache Subversion (SVN) and Jenkins/Hudson/Build Forge Continuous Integration, Server - Installation, Configuration, Design and Administration, plus experience of extending and integrating these tools with other systems, platforms and processes using Java, Shell Scripting etc.
Used ClearQuest, Jira, Confluence, Remedy as defect management system
Define Business Process, identify the risk, doing risk analysis and providing baseline acceptance criteria and deliverables.
Extensively experienced in using Build Automation tools like ANT and Maven and working knowledge other build tools like MS Build and CMake.
Experience in configuring rest API'S and Web API'S and troubleshooting issues.
Experience automating deployments on Application Server JBoss,Tomcat.
Deployed and configured Jenkins CI including slave node configurations and ssh control plane implementations.
Extensive hands-on experience in the creation of robust, flexible, automated solutions for Build and Deployment processes and Environment Management across the Financial, Broadcast and Media Sectors.
Defining Branching strategies and CM build cycle in a complete SDLC for different projects.
Experienced with automating release process using Maven, Jenkins, and Jira as tools in diversified project environment.
